Rework the Client Resources chapter (#62)
neoforged/Documentation: docs/resources/client/sounds.md

  - Server behavior: No-op.
  - Usage: Called from custom packets sent from the server. Vanilla uses this for thunder sounds.

### `ClientLevel`

- `playLocalSound(BlockPos pos, SoundEvent soundEvent, SoundSource soundSource, float volume, float pitch, boolean distanceDelay)`
  - Forwards to `Level#playLocalSound` with `x`, `y` and `z` taking the values of `pos.getX() + 0.5`, `pos.getY() + 0.5` and `pos.getZ() + 0.5`, respectively.

### `Entity`

- `playSound(SoundEvent soundEvent, float volume, float pitch)`
  - Forwards to `Level#playSound` with `null` as the player, `SoundSource.ENTITY` as the sound source, the entity's position for x/y/z, and the other parameters passed in.

### `Player`

- `playSound(SoundEvent soundEvent, float volume, float pitch)` (overrides the method in `Entity`)
  - Forwards to `Level#playSound` with `this` as the player, `SoundSource.PLAYER` as the sound source, the player's position for x/y/z, and the other parameters passed in. As such, the client/server behavior mimics the one from `Level#playSound`:
    - Client behavior: Play the sound event to the client player at the given location.

>     - Server behavior: Play the sound event to everyone near the given location except the client player.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Server behavior: Play the sound event to everyone near the given location except the player this method was called on.
```
